[Music]
1683 please 32-pound 28 please I'm
telling you boys she was my loss at UI
and seen him here before comes a
resource disease owned Ruiz he almost
lost everything was a little typed cash
why is these days so well so light
Cheers
I need something to look forward to when
I get up in the morning I'm going to
breed a racehorse absolute normally
wealthy professionals you're going for
this kind of thing there's ways of doing
these things is now 20 people in the
village to put in a 10 or a week for two
years
when the horse is open everyone will be
illness we'll all have an equal share if
you are good enough to own a bloody
racehorse
so am I it's a tenner every week Kerby
you pillock oh god this is me we need to
name what about dream Alliance is our
dream I'm rolling it together and soft
dream Alliance remember there's a less
than 1% chance this horse will ever win
a race facing the wrong way
he keeps going in that direction you'll
end up back in the village
[Music]
he's pretty rough around the edges
governor he's definitely got something
about spirit character like his owner
be brave this is absolute to do we're
going to the races
[Applause]
[Music]
so proud of you seems like anything is
possible
the O's from nowhere has captured the
hearts of the nation
[Music]
we lost our jobs our community even our
pride and then dream came along and
reminded us what life is like when you
are cold
[Applause]
[Music]
you do everything for me you teach me
you cook for me
Amaya burden sweetheart
I could do more I'm your mom it's my job
to take care of you when you need me and
you need me
are you okay mom of course I'm okay
I have you
[Music]
medication is messing with her head
what's wrong
[Music]
sweetheart I really need you to help me
boy good night sweet tooth
[Music]
you figured it out
you need me growing up under apartheid
then a life built on lies and
indifference but unless we caught up
from our privileged white lives and did
something our words were meaningless you
are sentenced imprisonment for a 12 year
[Music]
we are business of conscious or were
prisoners of war so they've been
attempts some go a little something
little more but no one go out always the
first time you need to get out of here
everybody comes in here like I'm gonna
break out of here by next week if you're
having a plan I join you we've got
something we make keys from would doctor
crazy search Lots comes every and should
be on
with guns there's nothing they'd like
ordered to plug holes into you there is
something that I would find
[Music]
why won't you come
it a glutton lock we can make a key file
get 25 years if you're lucky
hold it ahead of you not
[Music]
not running away it's like what this is
how we fight
what is this I've taken lashes my whole
life to keep my family safe but they
will never with my son he did a smart
they say he's African royalty they call
him Emperor he donate the fuels and let
alone the Emperor because my granddaddy
was the King what to bring a meal ain't
you got no manners longer he keeps it up
they've got yourselves a rebellion I
need you to be the spark that lights a
fuse
I guess on the trouble there who's the
brave man
you're going to get yourself killed it's
the only way I can free my song you just
just lady business well I got the horse
out chasing Rhydian how long
get this thing done nothing worse than a
sticky zipper I appreciate that you're
gonna dream yourself to death son you
gotta live in the real world
what brings you to Tuscaloosa
that young lady is not what she's seen
I'm afraid she's not very stable I'm not
crazy
she's not your plaything don't go messin
with her
[Music]
Billy you know what the word Tuscaloosa
means it's a new time now maybe the part
of the problem or part of the solution
I'll fix it and make you respectable and
I believe I'm coming to an understanding
Tuscaloosa is wipe out early and they
want to keep it that way I think your
daddy's on to us
[Music]
you don't have to figure out what side
of line you stand on
[Music]
oh great see one crazy about me ain't
but one true path and that's the one you
want
[Music]
well I need your help
arranging an interview with Stalin
because the waters around here the newer
plans
listen I really need to talk to you I
found something big you can practice
story wide open up Paul
mr. Jones mrs. your auntie why are you
really here I need your help
this is a dubrow's she's my style
[Music]
what do you want the story no one is
talking about Ukraine
Stalin's called
[Music]
you will retract your statements to the
crest immediate or they will shoot our
engineer
[Music]
we actually thought you could interview
Stalin and make some kind of difference
ninja I guess their gender now you don't
have an agenda miss your call truth
[Music]
many homes have the pretense of being
ideal but these homes really are ideal
it's not exactly what we're looking for
[Music]
wait no no I don't think this is a right
way yeah this is where we came in
no is it if we just do some kind of I've
never had such a silence what if they
don't come don't we supposed to do
this house is forever a perfect
environment for a young family
people like to be alone sometimes not be
with each other all the time
this is something I could do please just
let me do this
I want sicko
that's nature that's just the way things
are
[Music]
[Applause]
fellows urahara
they of we're now you know punking at
Uncle Tony no yokan FUNKER fine
your pool
keep your idol out so far Lucy why do
you phone a little seed you think you
undo about I'm fine okay
in any case all
he might lose everything tonight
I'll show you ho see they don't come
again welcome back
[Music]
if you don't bring grass over here
you're gonna see your girlfriend fall
off the Tokyo Tower
[Music]
leymah you told of an echo chamber - no
idea
[Music]
are you going to be okay when I'm gone
my fifth tour of course I will
of course again I'm Kate Barkley Colonel
Barclays wife let's come up with some
exciting activities to do while our
service people are away what about
singing singing let's just get the
strippers in this singing club is gonna
be a lot of fun and uplifting and
there'll be a few beers afterwards know
whether they go ahead thanks very much
Lisa that's lovely to learn to make one
my parents don't even play that thing
without any music really music makes
things a bit stilted I'm not sure Mozart
whatever that
I would like the incantations of a bunch
of witches sit dramatic if you think
singing it with a pole up your arse is
what the women need then you're more out
of touch tonight on more troops are
being deployed to Afghanistan I just
feel sick all the time every time the
phone rings every time the doorbell goes
you may not need the choir Lisa but
those women do
[Applause]
sometimes when I think of her name when
it's only a game top brass heard you
rehearsing and you've been invited to
sing at the festival of remembrance the
big one on TV this is going to be a
disaster
this is a professional event we cannot
embarrass ourselves are you doing
checking my hump roads okay well you
don't let your choking yourself there
are gonna be so many people like us we
the loved ones about risk and I want to
do this for them I know it feels a bit
much but we can survive the last five
months
he's about five minutes out there this
car is enticing for ourselves
in her
come and see no thank you it's like
childbirth best to be completely
oblivious until it's happening
[Music]
[Applause]
the hens yeah I got it
where's the last one so wash talk to
tomorrow let that's your tomato Mendel's
don't appear as my Roku the National not
I oh she's showing a live look that's M
not know all those in Kumasi Chuck Todd
she's Rico
[Applause]
Felisa stick it on me
[Music]